Core Spec: Allow multiple fallback values for data type (#167)
zarr-developers/zarr-specs: docs/core/v3.0.rst

    extension and dereferences to a human-readable representation of
    the specification.  The ``type`` is required and its value is
    defined by the extension. The ``fallback`` is optional
    and, if provided, its value must be one or a list of the data type
    identifiers defined in this specification or an extension. If
    an implementation does not recognise the extension or specific data
    type, but a ``fallback`` is present, then the implementation may proceed
    using the first known ``fallback`` value as the data type. If no fallback
    types are given or they do not correspond to base known types, extensions

>     can fallback on a raw number of bytes using the raw type (``r*``).

Reviewer: This says "if no fallback types are given" but then says that a raw type may be used.  Instead, it can simply suggest that for fixed-size data types, if there is no more specific fallback available, then a raw type may be specified as a fallback.

It should also note that the default list of fallbacks is defined by the data type extension, but may be overridden by the user.

>     using the first known ``fallback`` value as the data type. If no fallback
>     types are given or they do not correspond to base known types, extensions
>     can fallback on a raw number of bytes using the raw type (``r*``).

Author: ```suggestion
    using the first known ``fallback`` value as the data type. For fixed-sized data types,
    if there is no more specific fallback available, a raw number of bytes using the raw type (``r*``)
    should be given.

    The default list of fallbacks to put into the metadata should by defined by the data type extension,
    but it may be overridden by the user.
```

>     *Note for implementations*: Silently using a fallback without interactive

Reviewer: Instead of "interactive", perhaps say "explicit"

Author: ```suggestion
    *Note for implementations*: Silently using a fallback without explicit
```
